(energetic hip-hop music)
(Wes claps)
Hey!
Wes Bos here, thank you so much
for checking out Beginner JavaScript.
This course is gonna give you a rock-solid understanding
of the JavaScript fundamentals.
See a lot of new developers getting into JavaScript
and they're frustrated with the complexity and the pace
at which frameworks and libraries move,
and then the reality is is that a lot of them don't have
or they're missing the fundamentals,
a good set of core fundamental JavaScript.
Frameworks change, languages change, libraries change,
even your job is gonna change,
and having a good set of fundamentals,
being comfortable with the language,
is going to allow you to roll into those
and pick those things out much more quickly.
So, that's what this course is.
I hope you enjoy it.
Thanks for checking it out.